Document module usage (#44)
kyma-project/terraform-module: README.md

| cluster_id          | cluster ID of the created Kyma environment                                                                                 |
| domain              | domain of the created Kyma environment                                                                                     |

> ## How to use terraform module for kyma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Use the Terraform Module for Kyma
```

> Please refer to the included usage [examples](./examples/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> See the included [usage examples](./examples/).
```

> In order to use the module you need to create a dedicated folder in your project repository (for example `tf`). You will need to create a main terraform file (`main.tf`) and  `.tfvars` file. This will become the so called root terraform module where the module for kyma can be used as a child module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To use the module, create a dedicated folder in your project repository (for example, `tf`) and a main Terraform (`main.tf`) and `.tfvars` files. This will become the so-called root Terraform module, where the module for Kyma can be used as a child module.
```

> >> INFO: Read more about terraform modules in the [documentation form hasicorp](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> To learn more about Terraform modules, see [Modules](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules)
```

```
.
+-- tf
|   +-- main.tf
|   +-- .tfvars
```

> In the `.tfvars` file you will need to ensure [input parameters](#input-variables-tf-vars). Please refer to the [template](examples/kyma-on-btp-new-sa/.tfvars-template)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the `.tfvars` file, provide [input parameters](#input-variables-tf-vars). Refer to the [template](examples/kyma-on-btp-new-sa/.tfvars-template) file.
```

For example:
```tf
BTP_BOT_USER = "..."
BTP_BOT_PASSWORD = "..."
BTP_GLOBAL_ACCOUNT = "..."
BTP_BACKEND_URL = "https://cpcli.cf.sap.hana.ondemand.com"
BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_TENANT = "my-tenant"
BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_DOMAIN = "accounts400.ondemand.com"
BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_NAME = "kyma-runtime-subaccount"
BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_REGION = "eu21"
BTP_KYMA_PLAN = "azure"
BTP_KYMA_REGION = "westeurope"
```

> In the `main.tf` file you need to ensure the [required providers](#required-providers) and include the kyma module as a child module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the `main.tf`, provide the [required providers](#required-providers) and include the Kyma module as a child module.
```

```tf

provider "jq" {}
provider "http" {}
provider "btp" {
  globalaccount = var.BTP_GLOBAL_ACCOUNT
  cli_server_url = var.BTP_BACKEND_URL
  idp            = var.BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_TENANT
  username = var.BTP_BOT_USER
  password = var.BTP_BOT_PASSWORD
}

module "kyma" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/kyma-project/terraform-module.git?ref=v0.2.0"
  BTP_KYMA_PLAN = var.BTP_KYMA_PLAN
  BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_NAME = var.BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_NAME
  BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_TENANT = var.BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_TENANT
  BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_DOMAIN = var.BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_DOMAIN
  BTP_KYMA_REGION = var.BTP_KYMA_REGION
  BTP_BOT_USER = var.BTP_BOT_USER
  BTP_BOT_PASSWORD = var.BTP_BOT_PASSWORD
  BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_REGION = var.BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_REGION
}

> //Use the outputs of kyma module as you wish..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//Use the outputs of the Kyma module as you wish.
```

> //Here it is simply forwarded as outputs of the root module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//Here it is forwarded as outputs of the root module.
```

output "subaccount_id" {
  value = module.kyma.subaccount_id
}

output "service_instance_id" {
  value = module.kyma.service_instance_id
}

output "cluster_id" {
  value = module.kyma.cluster_id
}

output "domain" {
  value = module.kyma.domain
}

//Use the kubeconfig output if you want to create/read k8s resources via [kubernetes terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs)

<!-- provider "kubernetes" {
  cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(local.kubeconfig.clusters.0.cluster.certificate-authority-data)
  host                   = local.kubeconfig.clusters.0.cluster.server
  token                  = local.kubeconfig.users.0.user.token
} -->

```

> Now you are ready to run the terraform CLI in your root module's folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are ready to run the Terraform CLI in your root module's folder.
```

```bash
cd tf
terraform init
terraform apply -var-file=.tfvars -auto-approve 
```

> Once terraform is finished, there will be a new `kubeconfig.yaml` file in the root module folder, providing you the access to the newly created Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Terraform is finished, there will be a new `kubeconfig.yaml` file in the root module folder, providing you access to the newly created Kyma runtime.
```

> Once terraform is finished, there will be a new `kubeconfig.yaml` file in the root module folder, providing you the access to the newly created Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "finished"? Configured?

```
.
+-- tf
|   +-- main.tf
|   +-- .tfvars
|   +-- kubeconfig.yaml
```

> Use the `terraform output` command if you wish to read the output value, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To read the output value, use the `terraform output` command, for example:
```

```bash
terraform output -raw cluster_id
```

> In order to destroy all resources you need to call the destroy command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To destroy all resources, call the destroy command:
```

## How to Use the Terraform Module for Kyma

> [!NOTE]
> See the included [usage examples](./examples/).

1. To use the module, create a dedicated folder in your project repository (for example, `tf`), a main Terraform (`main.tf`) file, and `.tfvars` files. This will become the so-called root Terraform module, where the module for Kyma can be used as a child module.

> [!NOTE] 
> To learn more about Terraform modules, see [Modules](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules)

```
.
+-- tf
|   +-- main.tf
|   +-- .tfvars
```

2. In the `.tfvars` file, provide [input parameters](#input-variables-tf-vars). Refer to the [template](examples/kyma-on-btp-new-sa/.tfvars-template) file.

For example:
```tf
BTP_BOT_USER = "..."
BTP_BOT_PASSWORD = "..."
BTP_GLOBAL_ACCOUNT = "..."
BTP_BACKEND_URL = "https://cpcli.cf.sap.hana.ondemand.com"
BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_TENANT = "my-tenant"
BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_DOMAIN = "accounts400.ondemand.com"
BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_NAME = "kyma-runtime-subaccount"
BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_REGION = "eu21"
BTP_KYMA_PLAN = "azure"
BTP_KYMA_REGION = "westeurope"
```

> 3. In the `main.tf`, provide the [required providers](#required-providers) and include the Kyma module as a child module.

Author: ```suggestion
3. In the `main.tf`, ensure the [required providers](#required-providers) and include the Kyma module as a child module.
```

  BTP_KYMA_PLAN = var.BTP_KYMA_PLAN
  BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_NAME = var.BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_NAME
  BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_TENANT = var.BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_TENANT
  BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_DOMAIN = var.BTP_CUSTOM_IAS_DOMAIN
  BTP_KYMA_REGION = var.BTP_KYMA_REGION
  BTP_BOT_USER = var.BTP_BOT_USER
  BTP_BOT_PASSWORD = var.BTP_BOT_PASSWORD
  BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_REGION = var.BTP_NEW_SUBACCOUNT_REGION
}

//Use the outputs of the Kyma module as you wish.
//Here it is forwarded as outputs of the root module.
output "subaccount_id" {
  value = module.kyma.subaccount_id
}

output "service_instance_id" {
  value = module.kyma.service_instance_id
}

output "cluster_id" {
  value = module.kyma.cluster_id
}

output "domain" {
  value = module.kyma.domain
}

//Use the kubeconfig output if you want to create/read k8s resources via [kubernetes terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs)

<!-- provider "kubernetes" {
  cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(local.kubeconfig.clusters.0.cluster.certificate-authority-data)
  host                   = local.kubeconfig.clusters.0.cluster.server
  token                  = local.kubeconfig.users.0.user.token
} -->

```

> Now you are ready to run the Terraform CLI in your root module's folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the Terraform CLI in your root module's folder.
```

```bash
cd tf
terraform init
terraform apply -var-file=.tfvars -auto-approve 
```

> Once Terraform is finished, there will be a new `kubeconfig.yaml` file in the root module folder, providing you access to the newly created Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see a new `kubeconfig.yaml` file in the root module folder, providing you access to the newly created Kyma runtime.
```
